CASM-4673: Documentation for Kyverno signature validation policy (#5425)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/kubernetes/Kyverno.md

"cray-ceph-csi-cephfs-nodeplugin","DaemonSet","ceph-cephfs","disallow-privileged-containers","validation error: Privileged mode is disallowed. The fields spec.containers[*].securityContext.privileged and spec.initContainers[*].securityContext.privileged must be unset or set to `false`. Rule autogen-privileged-containers failed at path /spec/template/spec/containers/0/securityContext/privileged/"
```

## What is new in the HPE CSM 1.6 release and above

1. Kyverno is upgraded from 1.9.5 version to 1.10.7 version and is now available for customers as part of the HPE CSM 1.6 release.

>    This is a major upgrade with many new features and bug fixes. For complete list please refer to the link [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is a major upgrade with many new features and bug fixes. For a complete list, refer to the external [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
```

> 2. Container Image Signature Verification Kyverno Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Container image signature verification Kyverno policy.
```

### Container Image Signature Verification Kyverno Policy

Container image signing and runtime verification policy by name `check-image` is delivered (through Kyverno
policy engine) as part of CSM 1.6 release in `Audit` only mode. (`Audit` only mode will log the policy violation
warning messages in to the cluster report and as events)

> By default the `check-image` policy is shipped as a `ClusterPolicy` and is configured to work in a sample (non-existent) namespace. To enable the policy, end users must customize it to the targeted namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `check-image` policy is shipped as a `ClusterPolicy` and is configured to work in a sample (non-existent) namespace. To enable the policy, end users must customize it to the targeted namespaces.
```

> CSM runs in an air gapped environment, where the images stored in `artifactory` are mirrored to the local nexus registry. Kyverno policy engine does not support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSM runs in an air gapped environment, where the images stored in `artifactory` are mirrored to the local Nexus registry. Kyverno policy engine does not support
```

this environment. To enable Kyverno policy for such environments, all `image specs` need to be replaced from `artifactory.algol60.net/csm-docker/stable/image:tag`

> to `registry.local/artifactory.algol60.net/csm-docker/stable/image:tag` (prepend `registry.local/` to the image spec). This will force Kyverno to check local nexus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `registry.local/artifactory.algol60.net/csm-docker/stable/image:tag` (prepend `registry.local/` to the image spec). This will force Kyverno to check local Nexus
```

registry for the images. Without `registry.local/`, Kyverno will try to contact remote registry (`artifactory`) every time, and this may trigger timeouts due to delays,
and eventually lead to policy failure.

Prepending `registry.local/` to the image spec can be achieved either manually or through a mutation policy.

> For more information on mutation policy refer [Mutation Policy](https://kyverno.io/policies/other/prepend-image-registry/prepend-image-registry/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on mutation policy, refer to the [Mutation Policy](https://kyverno.io/policies/other/prepend-image-registry/prepend-image-registry/).
```

#### Policy customization

If any changes are to be made to the policy, for example, including or excluding certain namespaces and adding

> a new public key, then end user need to change the CSM customizations and redeploy the `kyverno-policy` chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new public key, then the end user must change the CSM customizations and redeploy the `kyverno-policy` chart.
```

> For more information on customization and redeployment refer [Customization](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.6/operations/CSM_product_management/Redeploying_a_Chart.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on customization and redeployment, refer to [Customization](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/release/1.6/operations/CSM_product_management/Redeploying_a_Chart.md).
```

> For more information on policy exception and matchings, refer to Kyverno documentation at [Policy Exceptions](https://release-1-10-0.kyverno.io/docs/writing-policies/exceptions/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on policy exception and matchings, refer to the Kyverno documentation at [Policy Exceptions](https://release-1-10-0.kyverno.io/docs/writing-policies/exceptions/)
```

> and [match/exclude](https://release-1-10-0.kyverno.io/docs/writing-policies/match-exclude/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and [match/exclude](https://release-1-10-0.kyverno.io/docs/writing-policies/match-exclude/).
```
